dark side of the force is a pathway to
many abilities some consider to be
unnatural is it possible to learn this
power not from a jedi council wants you
to report on all the Chancellor's
dealings that's treason we are at war
and a container very dangerous putting
them together I don't think the boy can
handle I don't just I need your help son
I'm appointing you to be my personal
representative on the Jedi Council
you're on this council but we do not
grant you the rank of Master well I'll
be one in the council don't trust me
to know the dark side force and you
achieve a Power greater than any Jedi
you're under arrest Chancellor are you
threatening me master Jedi
every single Jedi is now an enemy of the
Republic who what must be done
we're not hesitate show no mercy Cooper
to demonstrate twisted by the dark young
Skywalker becomes a few syphilis
given its all said one
you